Why are you flying so fast that I am forced to fly?
I've given you enough protection
But I can't protect you forever
I have to find someone really strong to protect you.
Only Xiaojun in this world can truly protect
I'm already I'm not much with you
I only ask you one thing
Promise to be successful
Still want a group of small soldiers to die?
you should know
What kind of sister am I going to call you?
Supplied me with snacks of fish
Give me something
I promise you
Is this good? Really?
Just gave me the role of Shui Xiaojun on the first floor
What's wrong with you? Why are you crying?
What happened? It's okay.
Needless to say
This is my mother
I came here specially today
Like Lou Shui provides
The whole water is red and does not fade away
How do you really feel about Ding Tian?
What do you think about my son Qing Xiaojun?
Not good enough